about.md, before:

---
bg: "owl.jpg"
layout: page
title: "About"
crawlertitle: "Why and how this blog was created"
permalink: /about/
summary: "About this blog"
active: about
---

Software is everywhere but reliable software is still rare. We live in a world where software bugs can and do ground planes, block medication from being prescri
bed, block financial transactions from completing etc.

How do we ensure that critical software is reliable, and works as expected in all situations. 100% uptime is impossible but there should be planning for gracefu
l degradation, for creating paths of resilience so that impact of any outages are minimized.

I've learnt a lot over the years working in different aspects of the software lifecycle, for different organizations with varied needs and customer expectations
. I'm going to try and pen down notes on what I learnt, and what I think will be useful for folks interested in this field to be thinking about.

More about me at [Deepak](https://www.linkedin.com/in/deepakbhaskaran/)

Commit message:

Updated about and index with new verbiage

about.md, after:

---
bg: "owl.jpg"
layout: page
title: "About"
crawlertitle: "Why and how this blog was created"
permalink: /about/
summary: "About this blog"
active: about
---

Software is everywhere, but truly reliable software is still a rare commodity. In a world where a single bug can ground airplanes, prevent medications from being prescribed, or block financial transactions, the stakes are higher than ever.

So, how can we ensure that critical software is both reliable and works as expected in every scenario? While achieving 100% uptime is an impossible goal, it’s essential to plan for graceful degradation and build resilient systems that minimize the impact of any outages.

Over the years, I’ve gained valuable insights by working across various stages of the software lifecycle and with organizations of all sizes, each with their own unique needs and customer expectations. In this space, I’d like to share some of the lessons I’ve learned and offer thoughts on what I believe are important considerations for anyone looking to build and maintain reliable software in today’s world.

More about me at [Deepak](https://www.linkedin.com/in/deepakbhaskaran/)
